docs(icons): update icon categorization details to align with design (#167)
pluralsight/tva: website/docs/development/packages/icons/intro.md

## Organization and naming

We provide React components by default. Other formats will be available in corresponding subfolders. e.g., `import { MenuIcon } from '@pluralsight/icons/svelte'`

> Each exported icon is named in PascalCase and suffixed with "Icon".

Reviewer: I don't know if we really *need* this line (about the pascal case) as the example shows that. I would probably remove it in a future PR.

Author: Agreed.  I'll just remove it now. 🪓

We provide `jsx` elements by default. Other formats will be available in corresponding subfolders. e.g., `import { menuIcon } from '@pluralsight/icons/svelte'`
Each exported icon is named in camelCase and suffixed with "Icon".

> Icons are organized into categories in alignment with the [design](https://www.figma.com/file/HVFUT0XlrkfsTMde6PMWLITj/PSDS---Icons?node-id=1177%3A43).

Reviewer: Let's update this since you are linking to a private file.

```suggestion
Icons are organized into categories in accordance with the Pluralsight Design standards.
```

Without tree-shaking, you can reduce your bundle size by directly importing the icons you need. To do this, append the category to the path.

```javascript title="Pathed import for React"

> import playIcon from '@pluralsight/icons/audio-video/playIcon'

Reviewer: Because our approach is now different, we need to go ahead and update both the file name and import to properly match the standards of each framework (Pascal)
